# graduate_Teaching_Tip

This teaching tip will present a challenge and explore the relationship between Express.js and Node.js. Attached to this file you will find a standard Node/express project generated by npx express-generator. 

Scenario: You have a client looking to have you create the simplest of Node/Express servers. All the need is a simple hello world app that can be uploaded to digital ocean that presents "Hello World" in green. They insist on having their code modified instead of starting from scratch. In this challenge you will use your knowledge and the clues below to identify and fill in the blanks with the necessary code needed to complete the challenge and have a working project

*This project does not need to be uploaded to digital ocean. However the essentials that would be needed in order for the code to run locally must be satisfied. Also please keep in mind that not only may code be missing but code maybe be placed with in the format that is in excess of what's required and may stop the project from running. 


The app is a very simple 'Hello World' app with a Pug/Jade view. However, there are 6 

Clue 1 : In Week 4 lesson 1 we learned how to build a basic HTTP server. What is missing from that would allow you to visually see your view in a browser window? 

Clue 2 : In Week 5 we learned about sessions and cookies "We've seen that http sessions store a session ID on the client in a cookie, which provides a way for accessing session information each time the user returns to the site." In this project you'll find that a key piece is missing which would allow for that to happen. 

Clue 3 : When deploying our apps we learned about dependencies. Instead of having to upload a series of huge files from node_modules to get our app online there is a specialized file that will list all dependencies along with the version utilized. 

Clue 4 : In week 6 we learned the importance of the MVC pattern combined with Routing. In the routes file there is an index.js. This file uses router.get to render the index.jade template. However, there is another component in the app.js file that is missing in order for this to work. 

Clue 5: Remeber the client wants the "Hello World" to be green, however with the current setup that's not possible. Though the color green is made in the stylesheet there is code missing that would complete this process. 



Clue 6 : In Week 6 we took a deeper look into Template Engines using Pug. In the views file an essential element has been removed that connects the view files layout.jade and Index.jade. 

